README.md, before:

# Token Generator/Validator 
The purpose of this project is to run generate and validate a Token based on the **Luhn algorithm** (see below for detail)

| Requirement | Version | Purpose of Choice                           |
|-------------|---------|---------------------------------------------|
| JDK         | 21      | no particular reason  (Latest Java version) |
| node        | 18.16+  | to be able to build/run the React frontend  |
| Maven       | 3+      | backend building tool                       |

-> To run both service and UI (on window) execute **start.bat**
this command will do the following actions:
- run the generator spring boot app on port 8081
- run the generator spring boot app on port 8082
- wait 10 seconds (for both previous services to run)
- install and start the frontend 



# Luhn algorithm

The check digit is computed as follows:

- If the number already contains the check digit, drop that digit to form the "payload".
- The check digit is most often the last digit.
- With the payload, start from the rightmost digit.
- Moving left, double the value of every second digit (including the rightmost digit).
- Sum the values of the resulting digits.
The check digit is calculated by (10-(s  mod 10)) mod 10, where s is the sum from step 3.

| Digits  | 3 | 3 | 7 | 9 | 5 | 1 | 3 | 5 | 6 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 8 | 7 | 9 | 5 |
|---------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Weight  | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 |
| Product | 6 | 3 | 5 | 9 | 1 | 1 | 6 | 5 | 3 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 7 | 7 | 9 | 5 |

-> the sum of Product = 70 which ends with 0 so this number is valid

Commit message:

corrected type + added User instruction ti README

README.md, after:

# Token Generator/Validator 
The purpose of this project is to run generate and validate a Token based on the **Luhn algorithm** (see below for detail)

| Requirement | Version | Purpose of Choice                               |
|-------------|---------|-------------------------------------------------|
| JDK         | 21      | no particular reason  (Latest LTS Java version) |
| node        | 18.16+  | to be able to build/run the React frontend      |
| Maven       | 3+      | backend building tool                           |

-> To run both service and UI (on window) execute **start.bat**
this command will do the following actions:
- run the generator spring boot app on port 8081
- run the generator spring boot app on port 8082
- wait 10 seconds (for both previous services to run)
- install and start the frontend on port 8080

# User instruction
The UI will run localhost:8080 :
1) Add digits of choosing in the multiple select input (between 0-9)
2) Click on **Generate** button to generate the token with previous inputs
3) Click on **Validate** button to check it the token is valid (Luhn algorithm)
- If the token is valid a green check mark will display
- If the token is invalid a red crossed circle will display

# Luhn algorithm

The check digit is computed as follows:

- If the number already contains the check digit, drop that digit to form the "payload".
- The check digit is most often the last digit.
- With the payload, start from the rightmost digit.
- Moving left, double the value of every second digit (including the rightmost digit).
- Sum the values of the resulting digits.
The check digit is calculated by (10-(s  mod 10)) mod 10, where s is the sum from step 3.

| Digits  | 3 | 3 | 7 | 9 | 5 | 1 | 3 | 5 | 6 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 8 | 7 | 9 | 5 |
|---------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Weight  | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 |
| Product | 6 | 3 | 5 | 9 | 1 | 1 | 6 | 5 | 3 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 7 | 7 | 9 | 5 |

-> the sum of Product = 70 which ends with 0 so this number is valid
